okay here we've got our Kern's by the
Andrews water system as you can see here
we've got two kinds of lettuces sure
what they are there about four weeks old
everything is playing at the same time
always have silverbeet a couple of
different flavors that one's not going a
funny color it's just our space to be
we've got our be beans growing very
nicely the nice crop very
healthy-looking because you can see
there's really no dead leaves it's very
healthy not overly neither so probably
some organic setups and you see we've
also got the bell train system in it of
a good look here sis MacMurray's just a
issue basic system he's got a you see
it's a is one of these drums that he cut
the top off flipped it over and there
you have it so he's got the pump inside
at the moment it's got about 100 little
baby fish inside their pumps up we got a
backflow in just to control the amount
of volume that comes out the top here
into the grow bed fills up as normal and
then drains system run he's got it
running tenuously at the moment but it's
no problems at all he's really great I
think we've lost one fish and they only
just set up the system here about four
weeks ago as I said before for the nice
decorative and that's about it trying to
insulate it we are having troubles with
our warp so just try and whatever we can
to keep it insulated and uh you know
what is still a nice cool temperature
but the lettuces like it that way that's
fine looking at extending it to another
bath tub every along the back or on the
side here went and placing a sump tank
in which as you can see the water level
does drop in full quite a bit in between
fill in the flood
so yeah that's pretty much the system
and as you can see this drains just
directly i'll go down correctly from
there back into the fish tank OAS is
just a nice little backyard comp compact
good